[ADD] frontend: simple documentation for the editor's Powerbox (#2516)
odoo/documentation: content/developer/reference/frontend/odoo_editor.rst

> 
> .. highlight:: javascript
> 
> .. default-domain:: js
> 

Reviewer: This has no impact on the current page's content.
```suggestion
```

===========
Odoo Editor
===========

> Odoo Editor is Odoo's own rich text editor. It has replaced the Summernote
> library since Odoo 15.0. It can be found at

Reviewer: We generally avoid mentioning past (or current) versions of Odoo in the documentation since it should be self-sufficient in the currently browsed version.
```suggestion
Odoo Editor is Odoo's own rich text editor.
It can be found at
```

> library since Odoo 15.0. It can be found at
> *web_editor/static/src/js/editor/odoo-editor*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
library since Odoo 15.0. Its sources can be found in the `odoo-editor directory
<{GITHUB_PATH}/addons/web_editor/static/src/js/editor/odoo-editor>`_.
```

Author: Why do you put `odoo-editor directory` in code along with the path? Also I'm guessing the trailing `_` is not intended. I had put the path between `*` because that's what I had seen in other pages of the doc. Is that not the guideline then?

> Full documentation will come soon.

Reviewer: Better not mention that at all. Simply add the documentation when it is ready.
```suggestion
```

Tests
=====

The editor comes with its own series of unit tests that can be seen at the route

> */web_editor/tests*.

Reviewer: I'm not too sure about mentioning this. Does it add any value to the page, considering that most Odoo modules have unit tests too?

Author: This is the only module that has a separate page for its unit tests. Other unit tests are at `/web/tests` but the editor has its tests at `/web_editor/tests` and (unlike all the others) doesn't use QUnit.

Reviewer: Oh ok, then it should probably be mentioned since it's the interesting part of the information ;)

Powerbox
========

The Powerbox is a piece of user interface that contains *commands* organized
into *categories*. The commands can be filtered when the user inputs text, and
navigated with the arrow keys.

> .. image:: editor/powerbox.png

Reviewer: Please compress the image with [pngquant](https://pngquant.org/).
It's not incredibly useful here, but it's a good habit to take since we'll soon test that images are indeed compressed.

Instantiation
-------------

> *OdooEditor.js* instantiates the Powerbox in its own constructor and stores it

Reviewer: If it's meant as a file name, it should use the `file` role:
```suggestion
:file:`OdooEditor.js` instantiates the Powerbox in its own constructor and stores it
```

- `description`: a *string* to describe the command.
- `fontawesome`: a *string* containing the fontawesome class name to the
  command's icon.
- `callback`: a *function* (*() => void*) to execute when the command is picked.
  Can be asynchronous.
- `isDisabled`: an *optional function* (*() => boolean*) used to disable the
  command under certain conditions. When the function returns `true`, the
  command will be disabled.

.. note::
    If the command points to a category that doesn't exist yet, that category
    will be created and appended at the end of the Powerbox.

Categories
----------

A category is used to group commands together. It's an object with the following
keys:

- `name`: a *string* to name the category.
- `priority`: a *number* used to order the category. A category with a higher
  priority is displayed higher into the Powerbox. Categories with the same
  category are ordered alphabetically.

.. note::
    If several categories exist with the same name, they will be grouped into
    one. Its priority will be that defined in the version of the category that
    was declared last.

Filters
-------

There are three ways to filter commands:

> 1. Via the `powerboxFilters` Powerbox option. It's a *function* that takes the
>    current commands and returns them filtered.
> 2. Via a given command's `isDisabled` entry. It's a *function* that simply
>    returns `true` when the command should be disabled.
> 3. The user can filter commands by simply typing text after opening the
>    Powerbox. It will fuzzy-match that text with the names of the categories and
>    commands.

Reviewer: Prefer [automatic numbering](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/master/contributing/documentation/rst_cheat_sheet.html#numbered-list) for numbered lists.
```suggestion
#. Via the `powerboxFilters` Powerbox option. It's a *function* that takes the
   current commands and returns them filtered.
#. Via a given command's `isDisabled` entry. It's a *function* that simply
   returns `true` when the command should be disabled.
#. The user can filter commands by simply typing text after opening the
   Powerbox. It will fuzzy-match that text with the names of the categories and
   commands.
```
